Add `--omit` flag to omit dev, optional, or peer dependencies (#77)
ericcornelissen/depreman: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

- Add `--omit=<dev|optional|peer>` flag to control scope.

> - Fix unexpected runtime error if there are now dependencies.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix an unexpected runtime error if there are no dependencies.
```
